Introduction
This repository contains scripts for running high-throughput analyses on protein complexes using the COSMIS tool. The provided bash script facilitates the execution of the cosmis_complex_batch_final.py script with various options and inputs.

Usage
Script Execution
To execute the COSMIS analysis script, navigate to the run_cosmis folder and run the run_cosmis.sh bash script.

bash
python scripts/cosmis_complex_batch_final.py -c <data_paths.json> -i <input_directory> -o <output_tsv> -l <log_file> --chain <chain_identifier> -d <pdb_path>

Options
-c: Specifies the path to the data_paths.json file which contains necessary file paths for the analysis.
-i: Specifies the directory containing pairs of proteins for analysis. Each text file in this directory should contain the name of the PDB file on the first line, followed by the chain identifiers for each protein.
-o: Specifies the name of the output TSV file generated by the analysis.
-l: Specifies the name of the log file to store the execution logs.
--chain: Specifies the chain identifier in the PDB file. Run the script once with chain A and again with chain B if you have two chains.
-d: Specifies the path to the PDB file.
Example Input
Example input text files can be found in the example_input_text_pdb folder. Use these files as a reference for structuring your input data.

Example PDB File
An example PDB file is provided in the example_input_text_pdb folder for testing purposes.

Note
Ensure that the data_paths.json file is properly updated with the required file paths located in the downloaded_files directory before running the script.

For any further assistance or inquiries, please contact Gyasu Bajracharya/Tony Capra.